feat(store-key): Add a dedicated store key crate (#530)
matrix-org/matrix-rust-sdk: crates/matrix-sdk-store-encryption/README.md

use serde_json::{json, value::Value};

fn main() -> anyhow::Result<()> {
    let store_cipher = StoreCipher::new()?;

    // Export the store cipher and persist it in your key/value store
    let export = store_cipher.export("secret-passphrase")?;

    let value = json!({
        "some": "data",
    });

    let encrypted = store_cipher.encrypt_value(&value)?;
    let decrypted: Value = store_cipher.decrypt_value(&encrypted)?;

    assert_eq!(value, decrypted);

    let key = "bulbasaur";

    // Hash the key so people don't know which pokemon we have collected.
    let hashed_key = store_cipher.hash_key("list-of-pokemon", key.as_ref());
    let another_table = store_cipher.hash_key("my-starter", key.as_ref());
    let same_key = store_cipher.hash_key("my-starter", key.as_ref());

    assert_ne!(key.as_ref(), hashed_key);
    assert_ne!(hashed_key, another_table);
    assert_eq!(another_table, same_key);

    Ok(())
}
```

# ⚠️ Security Warning: Hazmat!

This crate only implements the low-level block cipher function, to be used
*only* as a building block for higher-level constructions. It is NOT intended
for direct use in applications.

USE AT YOUR OWN RISK!

# Encryption scheme

> A `StoreCipher` consists of two randomly generated 32 byte-sized slices.

Reviewer: To briefly introduce the purpose of `StoreCipher`:

```suggestion
The central component of the encryption scheme is the `StoreCipher` type, used
for both obfuscating keys and encrypting values of the key/value store.
A `StoreCipher` object consists of two randomly-generated 32 byte secrets.
```

> The first 32 bytes are used to encrypt values. XChaCha20Poly1305 with a random
> nonce is used to encrypt each value. The nonce is saved with the ciphertext.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first secret is used to encrypt values. XChaCha20Poly1305 with a random
nonce is used to encrypt each value. The nonce is saved with the ciphertext.
```

> The second 32 bytes are used as a seed to derive table-specific keys, used in
> keyed hash construction to hash table data. Currently we use blake3 as the
> keyed hash construction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second secret is used as a seed to derive table-specific keys, used to key
a keyed hash construction, which is in turn used to hash table data. Currently
we use blake3 as the keyed hash construction.
```
